c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll.config
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.dll
c:\users\spadmin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll.config
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\BeginCollectionItem.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Elmah.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Elmah.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\JohnOperations.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\PayPal.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Stripe.net.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\PayPal.xml
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.dll
C:\Users\hardik.gondalia\Desktop\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll.config
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\BeginCollectionItem.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Elmah.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Elmah.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\JohnOperations.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\PayPal.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Stripe.net.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\PayPal.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\Hardik\Hardik\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll.config
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\BeginCollectionItem.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Elmah.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Elmah.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\JohnOperations.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\PayPal.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Stripe.net.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\PayPal.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.dll
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WhatsAppApi.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll.config
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\BeginCollectionItem.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Elmah.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Elmah.Mvc.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\JohnOperations.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Owin.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\PayPal.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Stripe.net.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebGrease.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WhatsAppApi.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\PayPal.xml
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csproj.App.config
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csproj.CopyComplete
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.dll
\\192.168.5.40\c$\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\spadmin\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
